clarify support type (#2166)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/oidc/index.md

| response_types_supported                      | JSON array that contains a list of the `response_type` values that this authorization server supports. Can be a combination of `code`, `token`, and `id_token`.                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Array   |
| response_modes_supported                      | JSON array that containis a list of the `response_mode` values that this authorization server supports. More information [here](#parameter-details). | Array   |
| grant_types_supported                         | JSON array that contains a list of the `grant_type` values that this authorization server supports.                                       | Array   |

> | subject_types_supported                       | JSON array that contains a list of the Subject Identifier types that this OP supports. Valid values are `pairwise` and `public`. Only the `public` type is supported. More info [here](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#SubjectIDTypes).                                                                                                                                         | Array   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subject_types_supported                       | JSON array that contains a list of the Subject Identifier types that this OP supports. Valid values are `pairwise` and `public`, but only `public` is currently supported. See the [Subject Identifier Types] (https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#SubjectIDTypes) section in the OpenID Connect specification.     | Array   |
```

| revocation_endpoint                           | URL of the authorization server's [revocation endpoint](#revoke).                                                                                                                                                                          | String  |
| revocation_endpoint_auth_methods_supported    | JSON array that contains a list of [client authentication methods](/docs/reference/api/oidc/#client-authentication-methods/) supported by this revocation endpoint.                                                                                                                                       | Array   |
| scopes_supported                              | JSON array that contains a list of the `scope` values that this authorization server supports.                                                                                                                                                | Array   |

> | subject_types_supported                       | JSON array that contains a list of the Subject Identifier types that this authorization server supports. Valid types include `pairwise` and `public`. Only the `public` type is supported. More info [here](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#SubjectIDTypes). | Array   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subject_types_supported                       | JSON array that contains a list of the Subject Identifier types that this authorization server supports. Valid values are `pairwise` and `public`, but only `public` is currently supported. See the [Subject Identifier Types] (https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#SubjectIDTypes) section in the OpenID Connect specification. | Array   |
```
